{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf350
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18780\viewh13840\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa380\qc

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 AggieTrack Information Sheet\
URSC 493 Transportation Research Project: Travel Survey\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa360\ql\qnatural

\fs38 \cf0 Introduction\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs32 \cf0 The purpose of this form is to provide you (as a prospective research study participant) information that may affect your decision as to whether or not to participate in this research. 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f0 You have been asked to participate in a research study to determine the effect TAMU students have on traffic flow in Bryan/College Station. The purpose of this study is to observe and analyze student movement on and off campus in order to supplement traffic modeling by the Bryan-College Station Metropolitan Planning Organization (BCSMPO). Our hope is that with these data, better transportation planning can be made for future generations of Aggies. You were selected to be a possible participant because you are a TAMU student (graduate or undergraduate) who lives either on or off campus. This study is in partnership with the BCSMPO.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa360\ql\qnatural

\b\fs38 \cf0 What will I be asked to do?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs32 \cf0 If you agree to participate in this study, you will be asked to document your travel on, around, and off campus. This study will take two days to complete. On each day you will document your travel in sequential order (from waking up to going to bed). The survey can be done either on a smartphone or with a paper survey form.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa360\ql\qnatural

\b\fs38 \cf0 What are the risks involved in this study?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs32 \cf0 The risks associated with this study are minimal, and are not greater than risks ordinarily encountered in daily life.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa360\ql\qnatural

\b\fs38 \cf0 What are the possible benefits of this study?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs32 \cf0 You will receive no other direct benefit from participating in this study; however the possible benefit to society is improved traffic flow in and around the university. In addition, traffic planners in college towns around the country will benefit from the increased knowledge and understanding of student travel behavior.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa360\ql\qnatural

\b\fs38 \cf0 Will I be compensated for participating?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs32 \cf0 Five gift cards for $100 each will be awarded to randomly selected participants. If you wish to enter the raffle for the gift cards, add your name and phone number to the paper survey or fill in the contact information section of the smartphone survey. If you wish to participate in the survey without entering the raffle you may do so.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa360\ql\qnatural

\b\fs38 \cf0 Do I have to participate?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs32 \cf0 No. Your participation is voluntary. You may decide not to participate or withdraw at any time without your current or future relations with Texas A&M University or the Bryan-College Station Metropolitan Planning Organization being affected.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa360\ql\qnatural

\b\fs38 \cf0 Who will know about my participation in this research study?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs32 \cf0 This study is confidential and the records of this study will be kept private. No identifiers linking you to this study will be included in any sort of report that might be published. Research records will be stored securely and only the survey administrators will have access to the records. When the raffle is finished, all contact information will be removed from the data and the original records will be destroyed.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa360\ql\qnatural

\b\fs38 \cf0 Whom do I contact with questions about the research?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs32 \cf0 If you have questions regarding this study, you may contact Dr. Carla Prater at 979-862-3970, email address Carla@archone.tamu.edu or Dr. Forster Ndubisi, 979-845-1019, fndubisi@arch.tamu.edu.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa360\ql\qnatural

\b\fs38 \cf0 Whom do I contact about my rights as a research participant?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs32 \cf0 This research study has been reviewed by the Human Subjects\'92 Protection Program and/or the Institutional Review Board at Texas A&M University. For research-related problems or questions regarding your rights as a research participant, you can contact these offices at (979)458-4067 or irb@tamu.edu.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa360\ql\qnatural

\b\fs38 \cf0 Participation\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs32 \cf0 Please be sure you have read the above information, asked questions and received answers to your satisfaction. If you would like to be in the study: 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f0 Use the paper survey form to document your travel on two days, then drop the completed survey off at Langford Architecture Center C 106.
\f1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f0 OR
\f1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f0 Use the AggieTrack app for Iphone or Android phones to document your travel behavior for two days. The app can be downloaded at the Apple or Android app store.}